Let a settling nomad GOK reform reach the Meritocratic Khanate government (#599)
ProZeratul/CrusaderKings3UnofficialPatch: common/scripted_triggers/unop_triggers.txt

		}
	}
}

# Used in change_to_administrative_effect to give the steppe_admin branch an independent-ruler resolution path,
# mirroring the other branches. Restricted to current nomads so other callers are unaffected.
unop_should_become_steppe_admin_trigger = {
	government_has_flag = government_is_nomadic
	has_tgp_dlc_trigger = yes
	is_independent_ruler = yes
	capital_province = {
		geographical_region = world_steppe

> 	}

Author: **reviewer:** *Low.* This uses `world_steppe` (west/central/east/tarim) while the immediately-following Meritocratic branch's trigger uses only `world_steppe_east`.

The wider region is defensible — vanilla's own route to this government, `adopt_steppe_administration`, has no geographic gate at all, so this is still stricter than the established path. Flagging only so the asymmetry with the very next branch is a deliberate choice rather than an incidental one.

Author: **fixer:** Deliberate — keeping `world_steppe`. Vanilla's own route to this government (`adopt_steppe_administration`) has no geographic gate at all, so this is already stricter than the established path. The neighbouring `world_steppe_east` sits in a China-adjacent set (`world_asia`/`world_tibet`/`world_burma`) aimed at rulers bordering Chinese meritocracy, whereas Meritocratic Khanate is the steppe-native government — narrowing to `world_steppe_east` would leave a western/central-steppe Mongol or Cuman GOK falling through to plain Meritocratic, which is the bug being fixed.

		}
	}
}

# An independent nomad settling into administration should reach the Meritocratic Khanate (steppe_admin)
# government - the natural steppe-admin form - rather than skipping it for plain Meritocratic/Administrative.
# Used in change_to_administrative_effect to give the steppe_admin branch an independent-ruler resolution path,

> # mirroring the meritocratic/celestial/ritsuryo branches. Restricted to current nomads so other callers are unaffected.

Author: ```suggestion
# Used in change_to_administrative_effect to give the steppe_admin branch an independent-ruler resolution path,
# mirroring the other branches. Restricted to current nomads so other callers are unaffected.
```
